NEXT-15807 - Add short nested line item guide (#313)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/checkout/cart/use-nested-line-items.md

# Use nested line items

# Overview

This guide will show you how to use the nested line items in the storefront.

# Prerequisites

> As most guides, this guide is also built upon the [Plugin base guide](../../plugin-base-guide.md), but you don't necessarily need that. It will only extend views and will show how the Custom Product plugin handle this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As most guides, this guide is also built upon the [Plugin base guide](../../plugin-base-guide.md), but you don't necessarily need that. This guide will only extend views and shows how the Custom Product plugin handles this.
```

> As most guides, this guide is also built upon the [Plugin base guide](../../plugin-base-guide.md), but you don't necessarily need that. It will only extend views and will show how the Custom Product plugin handle this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As most guides, this guide is also built upon the [Plugin base guide](../../plugin-base-guide.md), but you don't necessarily need that. It will only extend views and will show how the Custom Product plugin handles this.
```

# Make nested line item removable

> If the nested line item should removable in the cart, the removable property has to be set (via view or in the own controller action) and a form with an own path action has to be added:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the nested line item should removable in the cart, the `removable` property has to be set, either via view, or in an own controller action. Also, a form with an own path action has to be added:
```

> If the nested line item should removable in the cart, the removable property has to be set (via view or in the own controller action) and a form with an own path action has to be added:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the nested line item should be removable in the cart, the removable property has to be set (via view or in the own controller action) and a form with an own path action has to be added:
```

```
{% block page_checkout_item_remove_icon %}
    {% do nestedLineItem.setRemovable(true) %}

>     <form action="{{ path('/mycontroller/nested/remove', {'id': nestedLineItem.id}) }}" method="post">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <form action="{{ path('/mycontroller/nested/remove', { 'id': nestedLineItem.id }) }}" method="post">
```

        {{ parent() }}
    </form>
{% endblock %}
```

# Make nested line item changeable

> Most of the time the root line item defines the nested line items, because of this there is a change button for the root line item in the cart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the time, the root line item defines the nested line items, therefore there is a change button for its root line item in the cart.
```

In the block of the change button, the variable `isChangeable` has to be set, and the button has to be surrounded with a link to the action like this:

```
{% block component_offcanvas_item_children_header_content_change_button %}
    {% set isChangeable = true %}
    <a href="{{ seoUrl('frontend.detail.page', {
    'productId': lineItem.children.first.referencedId,

>     'swagCustomizedProductsConfigurationEdit': lineItem.extensions.customizedProductConfiguration.id

Reviewer: Würde ich entweder auslagern, oder - noch besser - du legst vorher ne variable mit dem content an. Das machts sonst sehr unleserlich.

Reviewer: Zumindest ein Kommentar, warum du das nicht gemacht hast, wär lieb :D

Author: Habe ich doch gemacht ;) Schau mal in die aktuelle Änderung (siehe Label Outdated ;)

    }) }}"
    class="order-item-product-name"
    title="{{ label }}">
        {{ parent() }}
    </a>
{% endblock %}

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## About extended functionality
Please notice: Nested line items can be implemented in various ways, so there's no telling what a "default handling" could be.  Therefore, it is necessary to implement a change or remove handling by yourself.
```

würd ich noch ergänzen

Author: @PaddyS Was sagst du dazu? :thinking: Ich finde es richtig darauf hinzuweisen.

Reviewer 2: @marcelbrode Wenn du die zwei Leerzeichen vor "Therefore" entfernst, ist das gucci für mich :-)

Reviewer: Oh wow, hab ich nicht gesehen. danke @PaddyS

```
{% block page_checkout_item_remove_icon %}
    {% do nestedLineItem.setRemovable(true) %}
    <form action="{{ path('/mycontroller/nested/remove', { 'id': nestedLineItem.id }) }}" method="post">
        {{ parent() }}
    </form>
{% endblock %}
```

# Make nested line item changeable

Most of the time, the root line item defines the nested line items, therefore there is a change button for its root line item in the cart.
In the block of the change button, the variable `isChangeable` has to be set, and the button has to be surrounded with a link to the action like this:

```
{% block component_offcanvas_item_children_header_content_change_button %}
    {% set isChangeable = true %}
    {% set configurationId = lineItem.extensions.customizedProductConfiguration.id %}
    {% set referencedId = lineItem.children.first.referencedId %}
    
    <a href="{{ seoUrl('frontend.detail.page', {
    'productId': referencedId,
    'swagCustomizedProductsConfigurationEdit': configurationId
    }) }}"
    class="order-item-product-name"
    title="{{ label }}">
        {{ parent() }}
    </a>
{% endblock %}
```

> ## About extended functionality

Reviewer: Eine Sache fällt mir noch auf: Sollte nicht nur die überschrift `#` haben und der Rest `##`?

Author: Nice catch, ändere ich :+1:

> Please notice: Nested line items can be implemented in various ways, so there's no telling what a `default handling` could be. Therefore, it is necessary to implement a change or remove handling by yourself.

Reviewer: würd einfache Anführungszeichen machen. Oder Kursiv (glaub das war `__text__` oder?)

Author: Kursiv finde ich auch besser.
